added documentation about openai api (#2460)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/llm_calculator.md

# LLM calculator {#ovms_docs_llm_calculator}

LLM calculator included in the OpenVINO Model Server implements a MediaPipe node for text generation.

> It is desinged to run in cycles and return the chunks of reponses to the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is designed to run in cycles and return the chunks of reponses to the client.
```

On the input it expects a HttpPayload struct passed by the Model Server frontend:
```cpp
struct HttpPayload {
    std::vector<std::pair<std::string, std::string>> headers;
    std::string body;                 // always
    rapidjson::Document* parsedJson;  // pre-parsed body = null
};
```
The input json content should be compatible with the `chat/completions` API. Read more about the [API](./model_server_rest_api_chat.md).

> The input also includes as a side packet with a reference to LLM_NODE_RESOURCE which is a shared object representing an LLM engine. It loads the model, runs the generation cycles and reports the generated results to the LLM calculator via an iterative handler.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The input also includes a side packet with a reference to LLM_NODE_RESOURCES which is a shared object representing an LLM engine. It loads the model, runs the generation cycles and reports the generated results to the LLM calculator via a generation handler.
```

> On the output the calculator creates an std::string with the json content, which is returned to the client as one response of in chunks with streaming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the output the calculator creates an std::string with the json content, which is returned to the client as one response or in chunks with streaming.
```

> In the backend, LLM_NODE_RESOURCE employes algorithms for efficient generation with high concurrency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the backend, LLM engine from LLM_NODE_RESOURCES employs algorithms for efficient generation with high concurrency.
```

> Thanks to continuous batching and paged attentions from a [openAI genai lib](https://github.com/mzegla/openvino.genai/tree/request_rate/text_generation/causal_lm/cpp/continuous_batching/library), throughput results are highly optimized.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thanks to continuous batching and paged attention from a [OpenVINO GenAI Library](https://github.com/mzegla/openvino.genai/tree/request_rate/text_generation/causal_lm/cpp/continuous_batching/library), throughput results are highly optimized.
```

> Thanks to continuous batching and paged attention from a [OpenVINO GenAI Library](https://github.com/mzegla/openvino.genai/tree/request_rate/text_generation/causal_lm/cpp/continuous_batching/library), throughput results are highly optimized.

Reviewer: @dtrawins do we want to link to request_rate branch? @mzegla
